- [PERCUSSIVE INTRO PLAYING]
- _
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
["HEARTBEAT" BY TAANA GARDNER PLAYING]
Girl, how do I get my hair
to look like Madonna's
from  Desperately Seeking Susan?
Every time I tease my roots,
it just looks like...
Miss Celie? [CHUCKLES]
ELEKTRA: Why are you conversing
on matters so banal?
For ten years, The House of Abundance
has reigned supreme,
but last week, Pendavis
stole our trophies.
- [MUSIC STOPS]
- Focus, children.
It is time we remind the world
who we are.
ANGEL: What category should we walk?
Superhero.
Why don't you just give
mother a Sominex instead?
- [CLICKS TONGUE]
- Royalty.
But we should all walk it together.
- All of the house children.
- What are we gonna do?
Run down to Burger King and
get some paper crowns?
[LAUGHTER]
Shush, children, and
let your mother speak.
I know what we're going to do.
She is the mother of invention.
And this is where the
goodness comes from.
We will walk together as The
Royal House of Abundance.
- [CHEERING]
- I love it.
Oh, no way. Hold on a minute.
That's the third time this week
you've taken my idea as your own,
and these bitches have
gone along with it.
What's the difference
between walking royalty
and walking as The Royal
House of Abundance?
Just because you have
an idea does not mean
you know how to properly execute it.
Ideas are ingredients.
Only a real mother knows
how to prepare them.
Real. You hear that, cross-dresser?
Now go over there and finish cooking.
- A bitch is hungry.
- [LAUGHTER]
["IN MY HOUSE" BY THE
MARY JANE GIRLS PLAYING]
♪ Well you can just, just believe ♪
♪ I'm the only girl in your life ♪
♪ I'll be your sugar in the morning ♪
♪ And the sweet stuff
you need at night... ♪
ANGEL: Girl, I don't want to go to jail.
My friend Coco went to jail,
and they broke her
cheekbone and her nose.
If you don't risk anything,
you risk even more.
We're closing in ten minutes.
Is that when you get off, handsome?
- [LAUGHTER]
- Yeah!
Child, all this culture's
making me weak!
♪ So when you need a
little peace of mind ♪
♪ Come on over, boy, anytime ♪
Hmm, I could move right in.
This should be my new apartment.
You deserve it, Mother. You really do.
♪ In my house, in my house ♪
♪ So when you need some
lovin' tenderness ♪
♪ And it's me, baby, that you miss ♪
♪ Here's the key to unlock the door ♪
The Headless Horseman.
♪ To my house ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ In my house ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh... ♪
Jackpot.
- Escort Mother to her throne.
- Oh, yes.
♪ When you call me, I will be there ♪
♪ Just call me up on the phone... ♪
MAN [OVER P.A.]: Attention, museumgoers.
The museum will be
closing in five minutes.
Five minutes.
Shit. We got to hide.
♪ So when you need a
little peace of mind ♪
♪ Come on over, boy, anytime ♪
♪ I'll keep you happy and so satisfied ♪
♪ In my house, in my house ♪
[WHISTLES]
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ In my house ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh... ♪
Mother, what do we take?
Everything.
My goodness. Come on,
hurry. Don't leave that.
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh... ♪
Hurry up. Come on.
What's taking you so long?
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh... ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ In my house ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh... ♪
We're locked in.
I look too good not to be seen.
Grab that bench.
On the count of three.
♪ In my house ♪
One, two...
- [ALARM RINGING]
- Run!
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. ♪
[WHOOPS]
[CHEERING]
- Oh, my God.
- [SIREN WAILING]
Spotted them.
Got a pretty good idea
where they're headed.
Hurry up and put this shit on.
[MICROPHONE FEEDBACK]
Royalty.
The category is...
Bring It Like Royalty.
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
Yes. You own everything.
Everything is yours.
You own your jewels.
You own your country.
You own your man.
You own every
- motherfucking thing...
- [WHISPERS]: Come on.
- ... that is there.
- [CHEERING]
Oh, oh, oh.
I don't know
of a princess or a queen
who gets their clothes
from Casual Corner.
[AUDIENCE CHEERING, LAUGHING]
It's all right, it's all right.
"E" for effort. Please
turn for the judges.
Please turn for the judges. Turn around.
Wrong building, honey.
PRAY TELL: And the judges scores.
We have a six, we have
a ten, we have a six,
we have a six.
The shade. The shade of it all.
ELEKTRA: Absolutely useless.
Remove yourselves.
PRAY TELL: Unfortunately,
you are dismissed.
Bye-bye.
See you.
She mad. [LAUGHS]
Give them a hand.
Anyone else? Going once, twice,
three times a lady.
- [AUDIENCE CHEERING]
- Anyone else?
[DOOR OPENS]
- [AUDIENCE GASPS, CHEERING]
- What? What?
Oh, shit!
Now that's royalty! That's royalty!
PRAY TELL: Yes!
And The House of Abundance
has entered the building.
We're giving realness,
we're giving capes,
we're giving panniers and corsets...
I'm loving that purple.
PRAY TELL: ... and surcoats
and crowns.
Oh, my!
Disney, Disney, watch your ass.
Blingderella is in town.
Yes, baby!
PRAY TELL: They're giving wands,
they are giving prince
and princess realness.
Look at the prince.
Yes, live!
Lord Jesus.
Listen and learn.
Yes!
Walk for me. Walk for me.
Yes! And there you have it.
And where's the queen?
Where's the one and only?
Elektra. The queen,
the queen, the queen is giving a ball,
the queen is giving a ball.
Oh, yes!
♪ And the queen of them all. ♪
Want to be stunning!
Now that's royalty, honey.
[SIREN WAILING]
PRAY TELL: Ten! Ten! Ten!
Tens across the board.
Grand prize...
House of Abundance.
[DOOR OPENS]
♪ I found peace of mind ♪
♪ A brand-new wealth ♪
Ah, shit!
Princess Diana.
♪ They need a consultation. ♪
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
- And that...
- [HANDCUFFS CLICKING]
is how you do a ball.
[DOOR OPENS]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
PRAY TELL: The category is...
Live...
Work...
Pose!
♪ ♪
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
["DANCE OF THE SUGAR
PLUM FAIRY" PLAYING]
_
WOMAN: And one, and two,
and three, and four,
and five, and six, seven, eight.
And close, and one, and two,
and three, and four,
and five, and six, seven, eight.
["ON THE RADIO" PLAYING]
_
♪ ♪
Yes.
♪ On the radio ♪
♪ Whoa, oh ♪
♪ On the radio, whoa... ♪
[MUSIC PLAYING IN DISTANCE]
♪ Whoa, oh, now, now ♪
♪ Don't it kinda strike you sad... ♪
[MUSIC STOPS]
We talked about you blasting music.
Where'd you come from?
- I-I was at school, sir.
- Well, guess where I was.
I went into town. Met up with the fellas
for a drink at O'Malleys.
When I arrived, they
were having a laugh.
You remember Todd, worked
down at the factory with me.
He saw you skipping out of that
dance studio in ballet shoes.
And I'm thinking,
"Not my son, 'cause we discussed it,
- and I said no dance class."
- I can explain, I was...
Yeah? And how do you explain this?
Found it under your bed.
I told your mother. "If
you're too gentle with him,
he's gonna grow up a sissy."
I tried toughening you
up, but she kept saying,
"Creatives need space to explore."
So I let her raise you,
and this is how you repay my kindness?
What?!
Speak up. You're 17.
You're a man now, right?
So say it.
I'm a dancer.
And...
I'm gay.
[GRUNTS]
I'm trying to make
something out of myself.
I want to get out of this
town and be somebody!
Oh, so I'm a nobody 'cause I never left?
You don't know what
it's like to be a man.
To struggle.
Stop, stop, stop! Aah!
[DAMON SCREAMING]
- No, no!
- Lawrence, stop!
Stop!
[COUGHING]
I want him out of my house!
You're dead to me.
[GRUNTS]
How could you betray me this way?
I went against your father's word,
supported your creativity,
and you bring filth into my home?
And you know the Bible
condemns homosexuality,
and God will punish you by
giving you that disease.
[VOICE BREAKING]: But I'm not a sinner.
You are. If you love me,
you will go before Him,
ask for forgiveness
and never engage in vile behavior.
Understood?
That's how it's gonna be?
[SCREAMS]
♪ ♪
[SOBBING]
Blanca.
So what does it say?
Come on, don't keep me in suspense.
Rip the Band-Aid off.
Blanca, the tests confirm
that you have HIV.
All right.
- Thank you.
- Wait.
I have more information to share.
These cover what services are
currently available to you.
There are several hospitals
that are working
with individuals diagnosed with HIV.
I'd recommend St. Vincents.
They have an exceptional staff,
and there are drugs, like AZT.
And, uh, Blanca, you should also
notify your sexual partners.
This doesn't have to
be a death sentence.
Isn't it, though?
Thank you.
For what?
It must be hard having to tell people
they gonna die day after day.
"Cry more, pee less."
That's what my mama used
to say. She was a saint,
- a St. Bernard.
- [BOTH LAUGH]
Girl, that woman must've
weighed at least 400 pounds.
[BOTH LAUGH]
I do not understand, for the life of me,
why you would've gone and had that test.
You already knew the answer.
- You having any symptoms?
- No.
Then you know what to do.
Keep living.
Put on your tallest pump
and go on and get back
out into the world.
You ain't dead yet.
There is nothing more
tragic than a sad queen.
I'm not sad.
[SNIFFLES] These are tears of joy.
I'm relieved.
I ain't never been certain of anything.
It's just been all one day at a time.
Until now.
I don't want to die.
I want to live.
I know it sounds crazy, but...
I always knew I wasn't gonna
be long on this earth.
I still don't know the when,
but at least now I know the how.
At least now something
in my life is for sure.
[CHUCKLES]
All that says to me is that it's
time for you to find a dream.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
["AIN'T NOBODY" BY CHAKA KHAN PLAYING]
I'll take it.
♪ ♪
♪ Captured effortlessly ♪
♪ That's the way it was ♪
♪ Happened so naturally ♪
♪ I did not know it was love ♪
♪ The next thing I felt was you ♪
♪ Holding me close ♪
♪ What was I gonna do? ♪
♪ I let myself go... ♪
So we don't got to go
to court or anything?
I explained it to you,
the museum ain't pressing charges.
If word gets out that a bunch of queens
broke in and stole all
that historical finery,
they ain't never giving anyone else
anything to exhibit ever again.
We're free as the birds
in the sky, y'all.
From now on, we should
only walk as a house.
So quiet today, Blanca.
- I just got a lot on my mind.
- As always.
Perhaps you're thinking about strategies
for the ball on Friday.
Perhaps you're thinking of
some more of your wonderful
and proprietary ideas
you're so proud of.
Aren't you the one always giving me
my inspirations and motivations?
Or, perhaps, you're thinking
of the most opportune time
to tell your sisters and your
mother what she already knows.
♪ Ain't nobody... ♪
Just as I thought, no
honor or courage in you.
All right,
if you don't have the
chutzpah to say it yourself,
then I'll say it for you.
Our dear sister Blanca has
decided to desert us...
Shut that shit off.
[MUSIC STOPS]
Did you not know that I have
spies all over this city?
Did you not think that I would
know that you were looking
at flea-infested apartments to rent?
Scouring the streets for shit,
scuffed broken furniture and sad
chiffon for frayed curtains?
Mother knows everything.
Eyes in the back of my head.
Take the witness stand, traitor.
It's true, all of it.
I'm going to form my own house.
It's my time, it's my dream,
and I'm going for it.
I do not want any of your opinions.
Not even mine?
Honestly, no.
But I do want your blessing.
Believe me, this isn't
about you, it's about me.
- What I need.
- That's for damn sure.
Why would you want to leave my house?
The house that found you and raised you?
Because in our world,
there is only one way
to leave something behind,
proof that I was here,
building a legendary house
my way with my ideas.
So that's it? You want a house
so the world can sing your
glory for years to come?
When I got kicked out, I
was a 17-year-old kid
who didn't understand who I was,
if I was gonna die in the
cold or from starvation.
You found me, took care of me.
You helped me understand.
It's time I passed that kindness on.
No.
It's time you paid that kindness back
to your mother
in her greatest time of need.
Rather than lying to her,
going behind her back,
after she rescued you from the gutter
and showed you the ways of this world.
So no!
No, bitch! I do not
give you my blessing.
I give you what every
mother gives a baby bird
who has feasted off the
scraps of her sisters
and gotten too fat, a
push out of the nest.
You are not on my level!
You are jealous and petty and
you show your true color.
I have a right to show my colors.
And you show yours. You're not ready.
You're second banana. I
give you that, but no more.
Look at me. Look at you.
I can pass.
I can strut down Fifth Avenue
when the sun is sitting
high as my cheekbones
and be waited on at Bergdorf's,
same as any white woman,
while you hide away in the shadows.
You're way ahead of yourself
in the game, beast.
So...
Do any of you want to walk out this door
with me into the future?
Or would you rather choke
on dust and decay?
You'll be back.
Never.
Get your shady hands off of me.
Justice.
Hey, let go! Hey, let go!
Hey!
I told you, you got to
keep it on your back,
especially when you sleep.
I know. I forgot.
Thanks.
[PANTING]
_
[PIANO MUSIC PLAYING]
["WHITE HORSE" BY LAID BACK PLAYING]
♪ ♪
Where'd you learn how
to dance like that?
What's your name?
Damon.
A pleasure. I'm Blanca.
So, how does someone as talented as you
wind up dancing for a
whole bunch of junkies?
You want to be a
professional dancer, right?
I want to be a star.
Don't we all, honey.
You ever consider joining a house?
What do you mean?
Well, a house is the
family you get to choose.
I'm a house mother.
I provide a support
system for my children
and housing if you need it.
Together, we compete
in the balls uptown.
And, you know, I've been looking
to adopt a child with
your dancing abilities.
I mean... I have bigger dreams
than performing at some ball.
Came here to perform in
a real dance company.
I'm not like you. I'm-I'm sorry.
My dreams are real.
Oh, so you think your dreams
are more real than mine?
So what exactly is a ball?
Balls are a gathering of people
who are not welcome to
gather anywhere else,
a celebration of a life
that the rest of the world
does not deem worthy of celebration.
There are categories... people
dress up for them, walk.
There's voting, trophies.
Oh, can you, can you make money?
Better than money.
You can actually make
a name for yourself
by winning a trophy or two.
And in our community, the glory
of your name is everything.
And we not gonna be walking the
red carpets at the Oscars,
but this is our moment to become a star.
Welcome to the ballroom world.
["MEETING IN THE LADIES
ROOM" BY KLYMAXX PLAYING]
♪ I've got a meeting
in the ladies room ♪
♪ I'll be back real soon ♪
♪ Sing ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Everybody sing it like ♪
♪ Sing ♪
♪ I'll be your freak-a-zoid. ♪
PRAY TELL: The category is...
... Executive Realness.
These are high-powered
business men of the '80s.
The suit. The 401[K].
The IRA.
["LOVE'S THEME" BY THE LOVE
UNLIMITED ORCHESTRA PLAYING]
Ah!
That chocolate cashmere!
Oh! What are your scores?
Judges, please!
We have a nine, six, nine.
And who do we have next?
Ah, here it comes!
Yes, yeah. We have high yellow.
We live on Long Island.
BLANCA: Realness is what it's all about.
Being able to fit into the
straight, white world,
to embody the American dream.
But we don't have access to that dream.
And it's not because
of ability. Trust me.
PRAY TELL: We're calling this executive
hustler realness, y'all.
The sepia Don Corleone.
At the Russian Tea Room.
I mean, isn't that what
you're trying to do?
Dance your way into that world?
The world of acceptability?
PRAY TELL: Don't scare the white people!
Don't scare the white folks, y'all!
[WHOOPS]
DAMON: I'm sorry I said
I wasn't like you.
Oh, child, hush.
You are a gay, black boy.
Who else you gonna find
to make you feel superior?
Can I get you more coffee, ma'am?
Um, no, thank you, sweetie.
I'll be up all night.
Sure. You okay?
[LAUGHS]
Okay.
So, do you have, like, a real job or...
I don't judge people
based on how they live.
I'm lucky I can mostly pass.
I've taken the hormones.
I know how to carry myself.
I kept who I was quiet from
my parents for a long time.
I would wait until they went to sleep,
and put on my face and finery,
and sneak out to the balls.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Sneak back before they woke up.
I thought I was so smart.
Oh, then, on Thanksgiving...
I'll never forget...
okay, my mother kept
looking and grinning,
and kept looking away,
so finally I said,
"Mother, what in the world
are you grinning about?"
[DAMON LAUGHS]
You know what she said?
She said, "Oh, you think you so clever.
"I see that little young girl
"who runs in and out of your room,
sneaks in and out of your room
in the dark of the night."
- I gagged.
- [LAUGHS]
I was too stunned to speak.
So she went on to say
how she wasn't mad,
and she was just so relieved I
wasn't one of those sinful gays.
Oh, my God, what did you do?
I said, "Mother,
"that was no strange woman
sneaking through your halls.
"That was me.
"I am not gay, and I am
certainly not sinful.
"What I am is a woman, Mother.
Not your son, but your daughter."
[SIGHS]
Well, she couldn't abide by that, no.
She banished me from her
home and her heart.
I cried like a baby.
I left, and never looked back.
When you get rejected by your mother,
your father,
you're always out there
looking for someone to...
replace that love you're missing.
Yeah... [CLEARS THROAT]
Well, here, take my address.
Come if you feel it's right for you.
If nothing else...
... tonight, you got an education.
- Hmm.
- [BOTH LAUGH]
- _
- [HORNS HONKING]
[ELEVATOR CHIMES]
MATT: "Stan Bowes."
"Bowes," what kind of,
what kind of name is that?
We're Irish-Italian.
What's your background?
I was born in Rye, then
Riverdale, Princeton,
Wharton MBA, just like the boss.
If you're worried your prick's too
small 'cause you went to Hofstra,
it isn't. You know why
Trump picked your résumé
out of all the others?
You're from New Jersey.
Usually, that's a detriment.
[CHUCKLING]: Yeah, not here.
I'm the unicorn in this place.
Trump is from Queens. He likes people
who speak the same language as him.
Know how to get things done.
I ask everyone who comes in
here looking for a job...
right down to the janitor...
what do you want?
Not money-wise, what do you want?
[EXHALES]
Well, I want to be you.
[TITTERS]
That's a very good answer.
I want what you have.
I want a view of the river
or the park or both.
I want to be able to
walk by a shop on Fifth,
see something in the window for
my wife, and just go buy it.
The new American Dream.
For the first time in American history,
it's considered a good thing
to flaunt your success, right?
Let people know how rich you are.
This watch?
Patek Philippe, rose gold, nine grand.
I got four of them.
I've watched a Met game
from the owner's box
and partied with Gooden and
Strawberry afterwards.
Just the other day, I was backstage
at a Cyndi Lauper concert.
I drive a Mercedes 350,
and this suit is bespoke.
[EXHALES]
God bless Ronald Reagan.
[INHALING]
[MUSIC PLAYING IN DISTANCE,
INDISTINCT CHATTER]
RADIO HOST: You're never
more than ten minutes away
from traffic and transit
news, weekday mornings
on  WNXC 88.6.
[RADIO PLAYING INDISTINCTLY]
RADIO HOST: ... still very
cold, 15-20 in the city,
teens in most of the suburbs.
ANGEL: Girl, I'm a big old peacock.
[SOFT LAUGHTER]
- Work. Work.
- I'm gonna fly away.
Oh, he's back. That white boy?
I'm-a go check it out.
RADIO HOST: ... here on  WNXC 88.6.
- [MUSIC PLAYING]
- RADIO HOST: Good evening...
- [RADIO STOPS]
- [FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
ANGEL: Hey, baby.
Finally decided to stop
for a little chat?
What do you mean?
You've driven past this
spot three times today.
And I've seen your car before,
over the past couple of months.
Window shopper.
I'm Angel.
Get in.
You a cop?
No.
Let's have some fun, baby.
[DOOR OPENS]
This is classy.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Where do you usually go?
Backseat usually suffices.
[KEYS JINGLE]
Didn't know that was an option.
People really do that?
So why did you stop today?
Special occasion?
I'm, uh... celebrating.
- I got a job.
- So what are you,
some kind of executive or something?
Wall Street?
It's an office, on Park Avenue.
Do you like music?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Kind of a hobby of mine.
[RADIO STATIC]
Listening, not playing.
["I'M NOT IN LOVE" BY 10CC PLAYING]
Is this your first time?
Doing something like this?
Yeah.
Don't worry, it's not mine.
Just tell me what you want, baby.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
♪ I'm not in love... ♪
Take off your skirt.
♪ So don't forget it ♪
♪ It's just a silly phase ♪
♪ I'm going through ♪
♪ And just because... ♪
And, uh...
♪ I call you up... ♪
Um...
♪ Don't get me wrong ♪
♪ Don't think you've got it... ♪
Now your... Take off your panties.
♪ I'm not in love ♪
♪ No, no ♪
♪ It's because ♪
♪ I like to see you ♪
♪ But then again ♪
♪ That doesn't mean... ♪
Saving up to have my
little friend removed.
It's not cheap if you
want to do it right.
♪ So if I call you ♪
[LAUGHS SOFTLY]
♪ Don't make a fuss... ♪
It's not that little.
[LAUGHS SOFTLY]
♪ About the two of us... ♪
Now it's my turn.
♪ No, no ♪
♪ It's because... ♪
Take off your clothes.
And come lay with Angel, baby.
♪ I keep your picture ♪
♪ Upon the wall ♪
♪ It hides a nasty stain ♪
♪ That's lying there ♪
♪ So don't you ask me ♪
♪ To give it back ♪
♪ I know you know it doesn't mean ♪
♪ That much to me ♪
♪ I'm not in love ♪
♪ No, no ♪
♪ It's because ♪
♪ Ooh... ♪
There must be some parts of
your body that you don't like.
That you would love to have go away.
Yeah, I guess mine are all
on the inside, though.
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ You'll wait a long time for me ♪
♪ You'll wait a long time ♪
♪ I'm not in love ♪
♪ So don't forget it ♪
[EXHALES SHAKILY]
♪ It's just a silly phase ♪
♪ I'm going through ♪
♪ And just because... ♪
So, was this what you want?
To just... lay here and
listen to music with me?
Can we talk?
♪ I'm not in love... ♪
Of course.
It's my second best skill.
Do you want to talk, or...
You.
You, um...
Tell me about you.
Like, what do you want, out of life?
ANGEL:  No one's ever
asked me that before.
I want a home of my own.
Yeah? Is it... ?
Hey!
ANGEL: I want a family.
Hey, baby.
Hi.
BOY: Daddy.
You can show Daddy. Daddy's home now,
- you can show him right now.
- Show me. Show me, show me.
ANGEL: I want to take care of someone.
What is this? Here, let's knock it over.
ANGEL:  And I want someone
to take care of me.
I want to be treated
like any other woman.
That's my dream.
["RUNNING UP THAT HILL"
BY KATE BUSH PLAYING]
Drink?
I thought you'd never ask.
♪ It doesn't hurt me ♪
♪ Do you want to feel how it feels? ♪
ANGEL:  I can't believe you
work for Donald Trump.
That's so super impressive.
He's so rich.
I heard even his toilet is gold.
Can you imagine?
Now that's living in style.
♪ If I only could ♪
[ANGEL SIGHS]
♪ A deal with God ♪
♪ And I'd get him to swap our places ♪
♪ Be running up that road ♪
♪ Be running up that hill ♪
♪ Be running up that building ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ If I only could ♪
Can I kiss you?
♪ ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Won't be unhappy ♪
♪ Come on, baby ♪
♪ Come on, darlin' ♪
♪ Let me steal this moment ♪
♪ From you now ♪
♪ Come on, angel ♪
♪ Come on, come on, darlin' ♪
♪ Let's exchange the experience ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh-oh ♪
[STAN EXHALES]
This song... is gonna be
our song from now on.
♪ If I only could ♪
♪ I'd make a deal with God ♪
♪ And I'd get him to swap our places. ♪
[GAGS, COUGHS]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
PITO: Come on. Time to get up.
[MOCK KISSING] Yo!
[WHISTLES] Yo.
Time to get up.
[WHISTLES]
Come on.
[PITO GRUNTS]
Did-did you see my backpack?
I told you to keep it on at night.
Did you see anybody go
by with my backpack?
It's a, it's a blue Eastpak.
Shit!
Hey, don't do that.
You let them see you shed a tear,
you ain't never earning their respect.
It's everything I had.
What am I supposed to do now?
You finna to make some extra green,
you could always head down to the pier.
I'm not sleeping with men for money.
Hey, don't knock the hustle.
The method may be different,
but the cash smells just the same.
[DOORBELL RINGING]
All right, I'm coming.
I'm coming! I'm coming. I'm coming.
I have nowhere else to go.
Come in.
♪ ♪
MANAGER: I'm sorry,
uh, but we're not hiring right now.
But the want ad said you were.
We're not hiring.
So what's the problem?
What, I'm too much woman for you?
I'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
Thank you for your time.
What do you mean there are
no tables at Indochine?
We have a standing fucking
reservation at Indochine.
I got a permanent hard-on
for the flamed shrimp.
Call back, ask for Philippe,
tell him it's me. I am
royalty at Indochine.
- [QUIETLY]: What are you doing here?
- I just wanted to see you.
You want to get a salad
or a coffee or something?
I have a wife.
And kids.
You're not somebody I can be with.
Please go.
What are we doing here?
You need an application to enroll.
I can't go in there. I'm not like them.
Mm.
Can I help you?
I'd like an application, please.
[QUIETLY]: Stand up straight.
And make eye contact when
you're speaking to her.
The application deadline is next week.
- How old are you?
- 17.
You'll need a parent signature.
Of course. Thank you for your time.
My real mother was never this tough.
One day, you'll be glad I was.
PRAY TELL: The category is...
High Fashion Evening Wear.
[CHEERING]
Ladies who have everything.
Please and thank you.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Okay, here she comes.
Yes.
Scores, please.
♪ Uh... ♪
♪ Uh-uh-uh-uh. ♪
Well, come on. Let us have it.
Ah!
And what have we here? The lady in red.
The  Lifestyles of the
Rich and Famous realness.
Opulence. Mahogany.
Scores, please.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
All right then.
Oh, coming, coming, coming.
[CHEERING]
What? Ah, yes.
Miss Dominique Deveraux.
Miss Diahann Carroll.
Give me the scores, darlings.
All tens! All tens!
Everything is yours.
Ah!
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Yes! Bravo!
Ah, Miss Angel.
Miss Angel, the category is
High Fashion Evening Wear.
Ladies of luxury.
Why are you in a nightgown?
A lady do need beading for
a formal fashion affair!
It's chiffon.
[LAUGHTER]
Come now!
It's a Halston!
PRAY TELL: Halston...
for JCPenney?
[LAUGHTER]
Anyone else?
Chop, chop.
Anyone else who's real, please?
Anyone else?
Please, anyone.
♪ I said wot ♪
♪ He said captain, I said wot ♪
PRAY TELL: And here we have...
Trolling for new members for
your house, Mother dear?
PRAY TELL: Standing on the shoulders
of those who came before her.
Yes, honey! Yes!
[CHEERING IN DISTANCE]
[SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
You knew they were gonna
read you for filth
for wearing that dress.
[DOOR OPENS, CHEERING IN DISTANCE]
[DOOR CLOSES]
What's happening with you?
[SNIFFLES]
I met somebody.
But he's just like all the others.
[SNIFFLES]
When am I finally gonna
meet my Prince Charming?
There's a reason Prince Charming
is only in fairy tales, sweetie.
I'm tired of being humiliated.
I deserve more.
I'm worthy of better.
I just need to know
somebody has my back.
We all need that.
And if you want a family that
cares for you unconditionally,
then get your broke ass up off this curb
and fix that beat face.
[LAUGHING]
I should join your house.
I'm just sayin'.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
I love you.
I love you, too, girl.
[CHUCKLES]
[APPLAUSE IN DISTANCE]
- You're going for the full year.
- What if I'm not
- even here next week?
- Boy, shut up. Gimme this.
- No, but... stop.
- Uh-uh. Gimme.
Let me see what this looks like.
I'm glad you filled this out in pencil.
And, look, you spelled
"professional" wrong.
- Look at that.
- You're going to school?
- Dance school.
- All of my children are required
to pursue an education.
My house has rules, and I
expect you both to follow them.
I'm sorry, rules?
Yes. Education is key if
you want to get ahead
- in this world. Listen,
- [LAUGHS]
and you need to be safe. So
leave them white boys alone.
- No!
- Next, I want you to be healthy.
So make sure y'all taking y'all
Flintstones multivitamins.
And I need you to be available
to walk any of the balls.
Those are Mother's rules. I
know they're harder than most,
but I got to be tougher on
y'all than the world will be.
Hey. If y'all can't follow
them, then you can leave.
- I can follow them.
- Okay, good.
- Yeah, sure.
- Good, 'cause, um, Friday night,
we walking our first ball.
- ANGEL: Friday?
- Yeah.
That's in two days.
- Mm-hmm.
- Girl, what are we gonna wear?
♪ I didn't never think I
was gonna see you again ♪
♪ ♪
BLANCA: I don't know, Pray Tell.
Them shoulder pads need
to be a bit bigger.
Girl, this boy is a string bean.
If the shoulders get... too broad,
he's gonna look like a
upside-down traffic cone.
What the young man needs is a sandwich.
I'm usually not this skinny.
I-I didn't eat for the first
few weeks that I was here.
Well, you know what they say.
You can't be too skinny
- or too rich, so...
- ANGEL: Not anymore.
You can always spot the boys
and the girls down at the pier
who got the AIDS, because
they look wasted away.
Like Halloween skeletons,
over in their own corner.
I feel sad for them.
Sometimes you can't tell if they
fell asleep on a park bench
or just died there.
Yeah, well, they're all gonna be revived
when they hear that young Damon
here is gonna be dancing
at The New School for Dance.
- When's your audition, baby?
- I'm not sure.
They didn't give you a date?
DAMON: I...
I-I didn't return my application.
- Uh-huh, but you said you did.
- Ooh-ooh.
And you thought I would
be the problem child?
What if I audition and don't get in?
And, anyway, I missed the deadline.
I don't even think I'm
supposed to be there.
Well, you're never gonna
find the place where you
belong if you keep on running away.
What makes you so sure?
How in the hell you think
we all wound up here?
Amen!
BLANCA: I believe in you.
That's one of the reasons
why we fussin' like this.
But don't you ever lie to me again.
Do you have it?
PRAY TELL: Okay,
go somewhere, please, and
get out of my business.
I don't come to your job,
- knocking dicks out your mouth.
- Whoo!
- Whoa. Hold on a second.
- [LAUGHTER]
- That's not funny.
- [LAUGHING]
So, do you ever walk
in the balls anymore?
[CHUCKLES] No, baby, that's
a young person's game.
But the ball culture is my culture.
This is my community.
I'm respected here.
- Revered, even.
- BLANCA: Mm-hmm.
Pray Tell is like a father to all of us.
He works at Macy's.
Can you believe that?
As a cologne spritzer.
This is my passion...
designing clothes,
creating fantasies.
You deserve your own
line. That's the truth.
Yeah, well, maybe someday.
Ka, ka, ka, ka!
- Ha, yes, yes, yes!
- [LAUGHS]
It looks like my work here is done.
Boy, get over here. Let me
see what you look like.
So, what category are we
walking? Do I get to dance?
- Twirl!
- ♪ Made for each other, girl ♪
Baby, you are our secret weapon.
["DON'T MAKE ME WAIT" BY
THE PEECH BOYS PLAYING]
[CHEERING]
Uh-huh.
Cut, bend, live, work!
♪ Don't make me wait ♪
BLANCA: Voguing doesn't
just happen at the balls.
[CHEERING]
It lives in the streets, too.
No touching!
DAMON: Oh, so it's like break dancing.
Yes, but it's more than
that. It's a statement.
"I want to have a name in this
world. I want to be on top."
You know what? No! You know what?
You bitches can't have one
night without your temperament
getting the better of you.
Back it up.
Be kind to one another.
Damn.
♪ Tonight I'm gonna love you ♪
What was all that about?
Oh, God knows what started it.
Too many stolen men,
a trophy lost unjustly.
Doesn't matter though.
A house can't be legendary
unless it has a good rival.
BLANCA: Which is why we have
to challenge Abundance.
DAMON: So, what if a house
challenges another house
to a dance to the death and you lose?
Ooh.
It would be all over.
You're sent away,
forever banished.
Eternal damnation.
How am I supposed to learn
how to do all that?
Practice.
♪ ♪
- Cheers, babe.
- Cheers.
["MOONLIGHT SERENADE" BY
GLENN MILLER PLAYING]
♪ ♪
- [CLEARS THROAT]
- So this is what it's like to be a person
at the top of the Rainbow Room.
Get used to it.
Oh.
- Thank you.
- Wow.
Thank you.
[AFFECTED]: Thank you, sir.
- [CHUCKLES]
- Dip it in the butter.
Okay.
Mmm.
[CHUCKLES] Mmm.
Is it as good as you imagined?
I used to dream about having lobster.
- Mmm.
- Like those fancy people down by the shore.
I used to picture myself
- wearing one of those bibs, you know?
- A lobster bib?
Yeah, a lobster bib. Should
I be wearing one right now?
[CHUCKLES]: No. Just don't get butter
- on your bow.
- I mean, you cannot imagine
a taste you never tasted.
But I would just imagine
what I would feel like when
I finally got to eat it.
What's better, the dream or the reality?
The reality.
Because I'm having it with you.
["I STILL CAN'T SLEEP" BY
BERNARD HERRMANN PLAYING]
♪ ♪
["RUNNING UP THAT HILL"
BY KATE BUSH PLAYING]
["I STILL CAN'T SLEEP" BY
BERNARD HERRMANN PLAYING]
Happy anniversary, baby.
[SONG ENDS]
- [CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
- PRAY TELL:  Well, well,
bring it like a military man.
["MY COUNTRY, 'TIS OF THEE" PLAYING]
Realness.
Yes.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
Be  all that you can be.
Uncle Sam wants you.
Girl, I don't think we should do this.
We can't stay stuck on
the sidelines forever.
Elektra's gonna be so angry.
PRAY TELL: Ooh, it's Fleet
Week, and I'm not talking
enemas, children.
[APPLAUSE AND CHEERING CONTINUE]
Thank you, military
realness, for your service.
You may leave the floor.
I need everyone's attention.
We have a challenge
for the legendary children
of The House of Abundance.
The challengers are...
What's the name of your house, baby?
Inspired by the up-and-coming
legendary supermodel Linda Evangelista,
who stole my look, and who I
pay tribute to in return,
we are The House of Evangelista.
[APPLAUSE AND CHEERING]
Abundance, do you accept this challenge?
We accept.
[APPLAUSE AND CHEERING]
Girl, I'm going to eat you
like an after-dinner Rolaid.
You got this.
- PRAY TELL: Now give 'em some music.
- [UPBEAT INTRO PLAYS]
And pose!
Ooh, bitch,
we got ourselves a battle!
["SWEPT AWAY" BY DIANA ROSS PLAYING]
♪ I feel the heat ♪
♪ The sun and the waves ♪
Work!
♪ When you touch my hand ♪
♪ We were on a desert island... ♪
Bring it the old way.
The only way!
♪ You and I are on an island... ♪
PRAY TELL: Yeah. Yes!
♪ The storm would never end ♪
♪ I saw your light on the horizon... ♪
PRAY TELL: Attack! Carry!
Live!
♪ It doesn't matter, yeah ♪
♪ It doesn't matter ♪
♪ 'Cause nothing lasts forever ♪
♪ No, it doesn't matter... ♪
PRAY TELL: Pop!
Well... well.
Ah, candy apple red.
Uh-huh, the tigress.
Yeah. Ooh. Live! Twirl!
[LOUD CHEERING]
Yes! Yeah.
Ah!
Yes, my darling.
♪ The rise and fall is endless... ♪
PRAY TELL: Ah!
And she has arrived.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Twirl! Pop!
Twirl! Twirl!
Spin! Dip! Turn! Aah.
Vogue.
♪ Nothing lasts forever... ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
Yeah. Vogue.
Yes. Dip!
Pop. Vogue!
♪ Swept away ♪
♪ I was swept away with you ♪
♪ I was swept away ♪
♪ Swept away ♪
♪ I was swept away with you... ♪
Our challenge is complete.
Judges scores. What are
you giving Evangelista?
Ten, ten, nine,
nine, nine.
Scores for The House of Abundance.
Ten, ten,
ten, ten, ten.
Grand prize...
House of Abundance.
♪ Nothing lasts, nothing
lasts, nothing lasts forever ♪
- ♪ Swept away. ♪
- ANGEL: We were robbed.
No, I was overeager. We weren't ready.
PRAY TELL: Well, well, well.
Look at the sad queens.
Disappointed about our scores?
Well, you shouldn't be,
'cause quiet as its kept,
I thought you should have
been scored even lower.
- [DOOR OPENS]
- LIL PAPI: Yo!
Yo, wait up. Hold on. Hold on.
Yo, what I got to do to join
The House of Evange... ?
- Your guys' house?
- Evangelista.
House of Evangelista.
Like the supermodel, little man.
- We're sunk.
- That's perfect for me, though.
You guys ain't shit  yet, but
I ain't shit yet, neither.
What's your name?
Papi.
Lil' Papi.
You guys got some moves.
I want to learn me
some of that stuff, get
me some trophies, too.
- You living on the streets?
- Yeah. Mostly.
But I work at a bodega
sometimes breaking down boxes
so I can get food for everyone, though.
Go collect your things and
come right back here.
The House of Evangelista...
welcomes any lost soul.
ANGEL: Uh-uh.
We got rules. No drugs,
no gentleman callers.
And anything you mop
belongs to the community.
- Don't leave.
- Uh-huh.
I'll be back in five minutes.
You want a reason to keep
going on after tonight?
There it go right there.
Houses are homes to all
the little boys and girls
who never had one, and
they keep coming every day
just as sure as the sun rises.
Pull up.
Work harder.
Triumph.
If not today, maybe tomorrow.
- Now Daddy needs a drink.
- [LAUGHS]
Children, leave your
Monday morning open.
Mandatory attendance, no exceptions.
Please don't do this. It's embarrassing.
We do not have the luxury of shame.
Is this the head of dance?
Do you have an appointment?
Yes, I do. Wait here.
Ah, shit.
Are you the head of dance?
Helena St. Rogers?
Can I help you?
My name is Blanca.
I'll be brief because I
know how busy you are.
I'm looking after a
young man who applied
for admissions as a
dancer and was informed
that he missed the cutoff?
We're pretty strict about those things.
Oh, I appreciate that, but this
young man is a very special talent.
He can apply in the spring.
Do you know what the greatest
pain a person can feel is?
The greatest tragedy a
life can experience?
It is having a truth inside of you,
and you not being able to share it.
It is having a great beauty,
and no one there to see it.
This young boy has been discarded,
and he is so young, he believes
that it has something
to do with who  he is.
It's like cancer.
It is going to eat at
him from the inside
until he starts to resent even
the best parts of himself.
Have a seat.
I don't understand what
you want me to do.
We've accepted our fall
class. We are full.
No, but he is special.
He's got all the talent
and all the hurt you need
to be a true artist.
Let him dance for you.
Give him a chance.
Give him three minutes of your time.
When was the last time
you were truly surprised
by something in your life?
Who are you again?
I'm his mother.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
- So what happened?
- You're gonna dance for her.
What? For who?
The dean of dance right now.
I got your stuff from home.
I-I'm not ready. I haven't
prepared anything.
This is your turn now.
You hear me? Take it.
I-I don't have music.
Hi. I'm Damon.
So am I supposed to talk first, or...
what am I supposed to do first?
We just want to see you dance.
["I WANNA DANCE WITH SOMEBODY"
BY WHITNEY HOUSTON PLAYS]
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ Hey, yeah, ah ♪
♪ Ooh, yeah, uh-huh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I want to dance ♪
♪ Clock strikes upon the hour ♪
♪ And the sun begins to fade ♪
♪ Still enough time to figure out ♪
♪ How to chase my blues away ♪
♪ I've done all right up to now ♪
♪ It's the light of day
that shows me how ♪
♪ And when the night falls ♪
♪ Loneliness calls ♪
♪ Oh, I wanna dance with somebody ♪
♪ I wanna feel the heat with somebody ♪
♪ Yeah, I wanna dance with somebody ♪
♪ With somebody who loves me ♪
♪ Oh, I wanna dance with somebody ♪
♪ I wanna feel the heat with somebody ♪
♪ Yeah, I wanna dance with somebody ♪
♪ With somebody who loves me ♪
♪ Somebody who, somebody who ♪
♪ Somebody who loves me ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Somebody who, somebody who ♪
♪ To hold me in his arms, oh ♪
♪ I need a man who'll take a chance ♪
♪ On a love that burns
hot enough to last ♪
♪ So when the night falls ♪
♪ My lonely heart calls ♪
♪ Oh, I wanna dance with somebody ♪
♪ I wanna feel the heat with somebody ♪
♪ Yeah, I wanna dance with somebody ♪
♪ With somebody who loves me ♪
♪ Oh, I wanna dance with somebody ♪
♪ I wanna feel the heat with somebody ♪
♪ Yeah, I wanna dance with somebody ♪
♪ With somebody who loves me ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh ♪
♪ Dance ♪
♪ Come on, baby ♪ [LAUGHS]
♪ Ooh! Yeah! ♪
- ♪ Dance ♪
- ♪ Now get with this ♪
[LAUGHS] ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh, oh, oh ♪
- ♪ Don't you wanna dance ♪
- ♪ Dance ♪
♪ With me, baby, don't you wanna dance ♪
- ♪ With me, boy ♪
♪ Hey, don't you wanna dance ♪
- ♪ Dance ♪
- ♪ With me, baby ♪
♪ With somebody who loves me ♪
♪ Don't you wanna dance,
say you wanna dance ♪
- ♪ Don't you wanna dance ♪
- ♪ Dance ♪
♪ Don't you wanna dance,
say you wanna dance ♪
- ♪ Don't you wanna dance ♪
- ♪ Dance ♪
♪ Don't you wanna dance,
say you wanna dance ♪
- ♪ Uh-huh ♪
- ♪ Dance ♪
♪ With somebody who loves me ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh ♪
♪ Dance ♪
♪ Oh-oh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Hey, baby... ♪
- [MUSIC FADES]
- [PANTING]
[PANTING CONTINUES]
[CRYING]
[PANTING]
I'd be dead if it weren't for you.
Another day in the park,
and I would have went
with anybody for some
food, done anything.
[VOICE BREAKING]: I got in.
[ANGEL GASPS]
[BLANCA GASPS]
Thank you.
Didn't I tell you you was gonna get in?
[DAMON CRYING]
["RUNNING UP THAT HILL"
BY KATE BUSH PLAYING]
[BRAKES SQUEAKING]
♪ It didn't hurt me ♪
- ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- [SIGHS]
♪ Do you want to feel how it feels? ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Do you want to know, know
that it doesn't hurt me? ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Do you want to hear about
the deal that I'm making? ♪
♪ You... ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ And if I only could ♪
- Hi.
- ♪ I'd make a deal with God... ♪
Hi. It's nice to see you.
- ♪ Be running up that road ♪
- It's nice to see you, too.
♪ Be running up that hill ♪
♪ Be running up that building ♪
♪ See if I only could ♪
♪ I'd make a deal with God ♪
♪ And I'd get him to swap our places ♪
♪ Be running up that road ♪
♪ Be running up that hill ♪
♪ With no problems ♪
♪ So if I only could be
running up that hill ♪
♪ If I only could, I'd be
running up that hill. ♪
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org